becomes crisp ah it's just back from on
90 mile road trip on the Missouri River
in preparation for the mr 340 just like
it might have taken his turn experienced
riders know when to make their move at
this point is ice becomes right about
our possession been racin trillion years
you know maybe a couple times a year and
I just came off back surgery and four
weeks are not riding so these are fun a
good way to get back in shape with your
the comeback story of the year I maybe
it seems like that's the case every year
I can't quit racing
heart
I have been more than impressed I can't
believe how many people turned up even
last week with the thunderstorms and bud
and slob but but then again it's
outdoors why wouldn't it be like that
we go into the natural resources the
parks give families and friends together
we put on a competition make it a
festival atmosphere and everybody comes
out has fun and that's kind of what
looks like so we knew what every
thursday night it's kind of a tradition
and i don't think it's any better than
that
um Chris if you're watching this I'm
back okay